C1
Does the given list enclosed using triple back ticks,do ypou see a section with title 'actor-def'?Yes or No?

C2
In the given list, each actor element has an 'id' attribute, do you see the value of 'id' attribute of an actor element used as the value for 'srcid' or 'destid' attributes within the section named 'link-def'?Answer yes or no only. Do not include any explanation.


C4
In the list enclosed using triple back ticks,, if you see an element with name 'contribution', are the values for srcid and destidattributes in each tag different? Answer Yes, or No if element with name 'contribution' is present. Otherwise answer Not Applicable. Do not include any explanation.


c5
In the list enclosed using triple back ticks, if you see an element with name 'contribution', is the value for srcid empty string, or is element with name 'contribution' missing attribute 'srcid'? Answer yes or no only. Do not include any explanation.


C6
In the list enclosed using triple back ticks, if you see a element with name 'contribution',is the value for destid empty string, or is element with name 'contribution' missing attribute 'destid? Answer yes or no only. Do not include any explanation.

C7
In the list enclosed using triple back ticks, if you see an element with name 'contribution', is the value for the attribute 'contributiontype' of the tag one of the following values- Make, Help, Break, Hurt? Answer Yes, or No if element with name 'contribution' is present. Otherwise answer Not Applicable. Do not include any explanation.

C8
In the list enclosed using triple back ticks, if you see an element with name 'decomposition', are the values for srcid and destidattributes for the tag different? Answer Yes, or No if element with name 'decomposition' if present. Otherwise answer Not Applicable. Do not include any explanation.


C9
In the list enclosed using triple back ticks, if you see an element with name 'decomposition', is the value for srcid empty string, or is element with name 'decomposition' missing attribute 'srcid'? Answer yes or no only. Do not include any explanation.

C10
In the list enclosed using triple back ticks, if you see an element with name 'decomposition',is the value for destid empty string, or is element with name 'decomposition' missing attribute 'destid'? Answer yes or no only. Do not include any explanation.


C12
In the list enclosed using triple back ticks, do you see duplicate values for'name' attribute? Answer using yes or no only. Do not include any explanation.


C14
In the list enclosed using triple back ticks, do you see empty string as a value for 'name' attribute? Answer using yes or no only. Do not include any explanation.


C16
In the list enclosed using triple back ticks, do you find an element with name 'intentional-element' with missing thefollowing attributes missed- name, type? Answer yes or no only. Do not include any explanation.


C17
In the list enclosed using triple back ticks, for an element with name 'intentional-element', is the value for 'type' attribute of the tag one of the following values - Task, Goal, Softgoal, Resource, Belief? Answer yes or no only. Do not include any explanation.


C18
In the list enclosed using triple back ticks, for an element with name 'intentional-element', is the value of attribute 'decompositiontype' of the tag one of the following values - AND, OR, XOR? Answer yes or no only. Do not include any explanation.


C19
In the list enclosed using triple back ticks, within the section with name 'actor-IE-link-def', do you see any element with same value for 'ie' attribute, but different value for 'actor' attribute? Answer Yes or No? Do not include any explanation.

C20
Does the list have a section with title 'actor-IE-link-def'? Answer using yes or no only? Do not include any explanation.
